com/lidroid/xutils/http/callback/DefaultHttpRedirectHandler.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.callback.DefaultHttpRedirectHandler
org/xutils/common/util/ProcessLock.java
 org.xutils.common.util.ProcessLock
org/xutils/http/annotation/HttpRequest.java
 org.xutils.http.annotation.HttpRequest
org/xutils/ex/HttpException.java
 org.xutils.ex.HttpException
com/lidroid/xutils/http/callback/FileDownloadHandler.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.callback.FileDownloadHandler
org/xutils/common/Callback.java
 org.xutils.common.Callback
 org.xutils.common.Callback$CacheCallback
 org.xutils.common.Callback$Callable
 org.xutils.common.Callback$Cancelable
 org.xutils.common.Callback$CancelledException
 org.xutils.common.Callback$CommonCallback
 org.xutils.common.Callback$GroupCallback
 org.xutils.common.Callback$PrepareCallback
 org.xutils.common.Callback$ProgressCallback
 org.xutils.common.Callback$ProxyCacheCallback
 org.xutils.common.Callback$TypedCallback
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/util/URLEncodedUtils.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.util.URLEncodedUtils
com/lidroid/xutils/db/converter/FloatColumnConverter.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.converter.FloatColumnConverter
org/xutils/http/app/RequestInterceptListener.java
 org.xutils.http.app.RequestInterceptListener
com/lidroid/xutils/view/EventListenerManager.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.EventListenerManager
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.EventListenerManager$DynamicHandler
org/xutils/http/HttpTask.java
 org.xutils.http.HttpTask
 org.xutils.http.HttpTask$1
 org.xutils.http.HttpTask$2
 org.xutils.http.HttpTask$RequestWorker
com/lidroid/xutils/cache/LruMemoryCache.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.cache.LruMemoryCache
com/lidroid/xutils/db/sqlite/CursorUtils.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.sqlite.CursorUtils
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.sqlite.CursorUtils$EntityTempCache
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.sqlite.CursorUtils$FindCacheSequence
com/lidroid/xutils/http/callback/StringDownloadHandler.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.callback.StringDownloadHandler
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnItemLongClick.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnItemLongClick
org/xutils/ex/DbException.java
 org.xutils.ex.DbException
org/xutils/http/request/UriRequest.java
 org.xutils.http.request.UriRequest
 org.xutils.http.request.UriRequest$1
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/entity/BodyParamsEntity.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.entity.BodyParamsEntity
com/lidroid/xutils/exception/BaseException.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.exception.BaseException
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnCompoundButtonCheckedChange.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnCompoundButtonCheckedChange
com/lidroid/xutils/task/TaskHandler.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.task.TaskHandler
com/lidroid/xutils/db/table/DbModel.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.table.DbModel
org/xutils/http/RequestTrackerWrapper.java
 org.xutils.http.RequestTrackerWrapper
org/xutils/db/DbManagerImpl.java
 org.xutils.db.DbManagerImpl
org/xutils/http/body/UrlEncodedParamsBody.java
 org.xutils.http.body.UrlEncodedParamsBody
com/lidroid/xutils/db/converter/BooleanColumnConverter.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.converter.BooleanColumnConverter
com/lidroid/xutils/util/DoubleKeyValueMap.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.util.DoubleKeyValueMap
com/lidroid/xutils/http/ResponseInfo.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.ResponseInfo
com/lidroid/xutils/bitmap/callback/DefaultBitmapLoadCallBack.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.callback.DefaultBitmapLoadCallBack
org/xutils/download/DefaultDownloadViewHolder.java
 org.xutils.download.DefaultDownloadViewHolder
org/xutils/http/loader/StringLoader.java
 org.xutils.http.loader.StringLoader
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnClick.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnClick
org/xutils/x.java
 org.xutils.x
 org.xutils.x$Ext
 org.xutils.x$Ext$1
 org.xutils.x$MockApplication
com/lidroid/xutils/view/ResType.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.ResType
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/ViewInject.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.ViewInject
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/multipart/content/ContentDescriptor.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.multipart.content.ContentDescriptor
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/multipart/MIME.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.multipart.MIME
com/lidroid/xutils/bitmap/BitmapDisplayConfig.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.BitmapDisplayConfig
com/lidroid/xutils/db/annotation/Unique.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.annotation.Unique
com/lidroid/xutils/db/table/Table.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.table.Table
org/xutils/common/task/AbsTask.java
 org.xutils.common.task.AbsTask
 org.xutils.common.task.AbsTask$State
org/xutils/common/TaskController.java
 org.xutils.common.TaskController
com/lidroid/xutils/task/PriorityAsyncTask.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.task.PriorityAsyncTask
 com.lidroid.xutils.task.PriorityAsyncTask$1
 com.lidroid.xutils.task.PriorityAsyncTask$2
 com.lidroid.xutils.task.PriorityAsyncTask$AsyncTaskResult
 com.lidroid.xutils.task.PriorityAsyncTask$InternalHandler
 com.lidroid.xutils.task.PriorityAsyncTask$WorkerRunnable
org/xutils/db/sqlite/ColumnDbType.java
 org.xutils.db.sqlite.ColumnDbType
org/xutils/http/body/InputStreamBody.java
 org.xutils.http.body.InputStreamBody
com/lidroid/xutils/BitmapUtils.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.BitmapUtils
 com.lidroid.xutils.BitmapUtils$BitmapLoadTask
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnGroupCollapse.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnGroupCollapse
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/multipart/MultipartEntity.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.multipart.MultipartEntity
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.multipart.MultipartEntity$CallBackInfo
org/xutils/image/ImageAnimationHelper.java
 org.xutils.image.ImageAnimationHelper
com/lidroid/xutils/http/callback/RequestCallBackHandler.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.callback.RequestCallBackHandler
org/xutils/download/DownloadInfo.java
 org.xutils.download.DownloadInfo
com/lidroid/xutils/db/sqlite/Selector.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.sqlite.Selector
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.sqlite.Selector$OrderBy
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/multipart/content/ByteArrayBody.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.multipart.content.ByteArrayBody
org/xutils/db/table/TableUtils.java
 org.xutils.db.table.TableUtils
org/xutils/download/DownloadStateConverter.java
 org.xutils.download.DownloadStateConverter
com/lidroid/xutils/task/PriorityRunnable.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.task.PriorityRunnable
org/xutils/db/converter/StringColumnConverter.java
 org.xutils.db.converter.StringColumnConverter
com/lidroid/xutils/http/SyncHttpHandler.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.SyncHttpHandler
org/xutils/cache/LruCache.java
 org.xutils.cache.LruCache
org/xutils/http/loader/JSONObjectLoader.java
 org.xutils.http.loader.JSONObjectLoader
com/lidroid/xutils/db/table/KeyValue.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.table.KeyValue
com/lidroid/xutils/bitmap/BitmapCacheListener.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.BitmapCacheListener
com/lidroid/xutils/util/LogUtils.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.util.LogUtils
 com.lidroid.xutils.util.LogUtils$CustomLogger
org/xutils/common/util/MD5.java
 org.xutils.common.util.MD5
org/xutils/common/util/KeyValue.java
 org.xutils.common.util.KeyValue
com/lidroid/xutils/bitmap/callback/BitmapSetter.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.callback.BitmapSetter
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/HttpRequest.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.HttpRequest
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.HttpRequest$HttpMethod
org/xutils/image/AsyncDrawable.java
 org.xutils.image.AsyncDrawable
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnRadioGroupCheckedChange.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnRadioGroupCheckedChange
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnStartTrackingTouch.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnStartTrackingTouch
org/xutils/db/converter/ColumnConverterFactory.java
 org.xutils.db.converter.ColumnConverterFactory
com/lidroid/xutils/task/PriorityObject.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.task.PriorityObject
org/xutils/ex/HttpRedirectException.java
 org.xutils.ex.HttpRedirectException
org/xutils/DbManager.java
 org.xutils.DbManager
 org.xutils.DbManager$DaoConfig
 org.xutils.DbManager$DbOpenListener
 org.xutils.DbManager$DbUpgradeListener
 org.xutils.DbManager$TableCreateListener
org/xutils/db/table/DbModel.java
 org.xutils.db.table.DbModel
com/lidroid/xutils/db/converter/SqlDateColumnConverter.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.converter.SqlDateColumnConverter
com/lidroid/xutils/db/sqlite/DbModelSelector.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.sqlite.DbModelSelector
org/xutils/db/table/ColumnUtils.java
 org.xutils.db.table.ColumnUtils
org/xutils/ViewInjector.java
 org.xutils.ViewInjector
com/lidroid/xutils/db/annotation/Transient.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.annotation.Transient
org/xutils/common/util/DensityUtil.java
 org.xutils.common.util.DensityUtil
com/lidroid/xutils/db/converter/DoubleColumnConverter.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.converter.DoubleColumnConverter
com/lidroid/xutils/exception/DbException.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.exception.DbException
org/xutils/HttpManager.java
 org.xutils.HttpManager
org/xutils/http/RequestParams.java
 org.xutils.http.RequestParams
 org.xutils.http.RequestParams$1
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnTabChange.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnTabChange
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/multipart/MinimalField.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.multipart.MinimalField
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/multipart/content/AbstractContentBody.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.multipart.content.AbstractContentBody
com/lidroid/xutils/db/converter/ColumnConverterFactory.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.converter.ColumnConverterFactory
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnKey.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnKey
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnScroll.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnScroll
org/xutils/cache/DiskCacheFile.java
 org.xutils.cache.DiskCacheFile
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnProgressChanged.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnProgressChanged
com/lidroid/xutils/util/OtherUtils.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.util.OtherUtils
 com.lidroid.xutils.util.OtherUtils$1
org/xutils/http/loader/IntegerLoader.java
 org.xutils.http.loader.IntegerLoader
org/xutils/http/cookie/CookieEntity.java
 org.xutils.http.cookie.CookieEntity
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/RetryHandler.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.RetryHandler
com/lidroid/xutils/util/MimeTypeUtils.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.util.MimeTypeUtils
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnScrollStateChanged.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnScrollStateChanged
org/xutils/http/annotation/HttpResponse.java
 org.xutils.http.annotation.HttpResponse
org/xutils/db/converter/DateColumnConverter.java
 org.xutils.db.converter.DateColumnConverter
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/multipart/content/FileBody.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.multipart.content.FileBody
com/lidroid/xutils/db/annotation/NotNull.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.annotation.NotNull
org/xutils/http/loader/ObjectLoader.java
 org.xutils.http.loader.ObjectLoader
org/xutils/config/DbConfigs.java
 org.xutils.config.DbConfigs
 org.xutils.config.DbConfigs$1
 org.xutils.config.DbConfigs$2
 org.xutils.config.DbConfigs$3
 org.xutils.config.DbConfigs$4
com/lidroid/xutils/bitmap/callback/BitmapLoadCallBack.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.callback.BitmapLoadCallBack
org/xutils/http/request/LocalFileRequest.java
 org.xutils.http.request.LocalFileRequest
com/lidroid/xutils/db/annotation/Check.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.annotation.Check
org/xutils/db/sqlite/SqlInfoBuilder.java
 org.xutils.db.sqlite.SqlInfoBuilder
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/multipart/FormBodyPart.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.multipart.FormBodyPart
com/lidroid/xutils/db/annotation/Id.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.annotation.Id
com/lidroid/xutils/util/CharsetUtils.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.util.CharsetUtils
org/xutils/image/MemCacheKey.java
 org.xutils.image.MemCacheKey
org/xutils/download/DownloadCallback.java
 org.xutils.download.DownloadCallback
com/lidroid/xutils/db/converter/ShortColumnConverter.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.converter.ShortColumnConverter
org/xutils/http/loader/ByteArrayLoader.java
 org.xutils.http.loader.ByteArrayLoader
org/xutils/http/app/RedirectHandler.java
 org.xutils.http.app.RedirectHandler
com/lidroid/xutils/http/callback/RequestCallBack.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.callback.RequestCallBack
org/xutils/db/converter/DoubleColumnConverter.java
 org.xutils.db.converter.DoubleColumnConverter
com/lidroid/xutils/bitmap/callback/BitmapLoadFrom.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.callback.BitmapLoadFrom
com/lidroid/xutils/db/table/ColumnUtils.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.table.ColumnUtils
com/lidroid/xutils/db/annotation/Column.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.annotation.Column
com/lidroid/xutils/db/converter/DateColumnConverter.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.converter.DateColumnConverter
org/xutils/http/loader/FileLoader.java
 org.xutils.http.loader.FileLoader
com/lidroid/xutils/db/sqlite/WhereBuilder.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.sqlite.WhereBuilder
com/lidroid/xutils/db/annotation/Table.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.annotation.Table
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnPreferenceChange.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnPreferenceChange
org/xutils/http/HttpMethod.java
 org.xutils.http.HttpMethod
com/lidroid/xutils/db/sqlite/SqlInfoBuilder.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.sqlite.SqlInfoBuilder
org/xutils/cache/LruDiskCache.java
 org.xutils.cache.LruDiskCache
 org.xutils.cache.LruDiskCache$1
 org.xutils.cache.LruDiskCache$2
 org.xutils.cache.LruDiskCache$3
com/lidroid/xutils/bitmap/core/AsyncDrawable.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.core.AsyncDrawable
org/xutils/image/ImageManagerImpl.java
 org.xutils.image.ImageManagerImpl
 org.xutils.image.ImageManagerImpl$1
 org.xutils.image.ImageManagerImpl$2
 org.xutils.image.ImageManagerImpl$3
 org.xutils.image.ImageManagerImpl$4
com/lidroid/xutils/cache/MD5FileNameGenerator.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.cache.MD5FileNameGenerator
com/lidroid/xutils/cache/FileNameGenerator.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.cache.FileNameGenerator
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/multipart/content/ContentBody.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.multipart.content.ContentBody
org/xutils/http/loader/Loader.java
 org.xutils.http.loader.Loader
org/xutils/http/cookie/DbCookieStore.java
 org.xutils.http.cookie.DbCookieStore
 org.xutils.http.cookie.DbCookieStore$1
com/lidroid/xutils/bitmap/core/BitmapSize.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.core.BitmapSize
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/entity/InputStreamUploadEntity.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.entity.InputStreamUploadEntity
com/lidroid/xutils/util/PreferencesCookieStore.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.util.PreferencesCookieStore
 com.lidroid.xutils.util.PreferencesCookieStore$SerializableCookie
org/xutils/http/body/FileBody.java
 org.xutils.http.body.FileBody
com/lidroid/xutils/db/converter/IntegerColumnConverter.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.converter.IntegerColumnConverter
org/xutils/db/sqlite/SqlInfo.java
 org.xutils.db.sqlite.SqlInfo
 org.xutils.db.sqlite.SqlInfo$1
org/xutils/http/app/HttpRetryHandler.java
 org.xutils.http.app.HttpRetryHandler
com/lidroid/xutils/bitmap/download/Downloader.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.download.Downloader
com/lidroid/xutils/db/converter/CharColumnConverter.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.converter.CharColumnConverter
com/lidroid/xutils/http/ResponseStream.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.ResponseStream
com/lidroid/xutils/view/ResLoader.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.ResLoader
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.ResLoader$1
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/DefaultSSLSocketFactory.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.DefaultSSLSocketFactory
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.DefaultSSLSocketFactory$1
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/util/URIBuilder.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.util.URIBuilder
org/xutils/cache/DiskCacheEntity.java
 org.xutils.cache.DiskCacheEntity
org/xutils/http/body/MultipartBody.java
 org.xutils.http.body.MultipartBody
 org.xutils.http.body.MultipartBody$CounterOutputStream
com/lidroid/xutils/db/table/Column.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.table.Column
org/xutils/download/DownloadManager.java
 org.xutils.download.DownloadManager
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnGroupExpand.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnGroupExpand
org/xutils/http/loader/LoaderFactory.java
 org.xutils.http.loader.LoaderFactory
org/xutils/db/annotation/Column.java
 org.xutils.db.annotation.Column
org/xutils/ImageManager.java
 org.xutils.ImageManager
com/lidroid/xutils/db/table/TableUtils.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.table.TableUtils
com/lidroid/xutils/task/Priority.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.task.Priority
com/lidroid/xutils/view/ViewInjectInfo.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.ViewInjectInfo
org/xutils/view/annotation/ViewInject.java
 org.xutils.view.annotation.ViewInject
org/xutils/db/converter/ByteColumnConverter.java
 org.xutils.db.converter.ByteColumnConverter
com/lidroid/xutils/http/RequestParams.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.RequestParams
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.RequestParams$HeaderItem
org/xutils/view/annotation/ContentView.java
 org.xutils.view.annotation.ContentView
org/xutils/db/DbModelSelector.java
 org.xutils.db.DbModelSelector
org/xutils/db/converter/BooleanColumnConverter.java
 org.xutils.db.converter.BooleanColumnConverter
com/lidroid/xutils/DbUtils.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.DbUtils
 com.lidroid.xutils.DbUtils$1
 com.lidroid.xutils.DbUtils$DaoConfig
 com.lidroid.xutils.DbUtils$DbUpgradeListener
 com.lidroid.xutils.DbUtils$FindTempCache
org/xutils/http/request/AssetsRequest.java
 org.xutils.http.request.AssetsRequest
com/lidroid/xutils/ViewUtils.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.ViewUtils
com/lidroid/xutils/BuildConfig.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.BuildConfig
org/xutils/http/body/ProgressBody.java
 org.xutils.http.body.ProgressBody
com/lidroid/xutils/bitmap/core/BitmapDecoder.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.core.BitmapDecoder
com/lidroid/xutils/db/annotation/Finder.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.annotation.Finder
com/lidroid/xutils/bitmap/download/DefaultDownloader.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.download.DefaultDownloader
org/xutils/db/Selector.java
 org.xutils.db.Selector
 org.xutils.db.Selector$OrderBy
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnChildClick.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnChildClick
com/lidroid/xutils/http/HttpHandler.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.HttpHandler
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.HttpHandler$1
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.HttpHandler$NotUseApacheRedirectHandler
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.HttpHandler$State
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnLongClick.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnLongClick
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/ResInject.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.ResInject
com/lidroid/xutils/bitmap/core/BitmapCache.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.core.BitmapCache
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.core.BitmapCache$1
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.core.BitmapCache$BitmapMeta
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.core.BitmapCache$MemoryCacheKey
org/xutils/image/ImageLoader.java
 org.xutils.image.ImageLoader
 org.xutils.image.ImageLoader$1
 org.xutils.image.ImageLoader$2
 org.xutils.image.ImageLoader$3
 org.xutils.image.ImageLoader$FakeImageView
com/lidroid/xutils/bitmap/PauseOnScrollListener.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.PauseOnScrollListener
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/entity/FileUploadEntity.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.entity.FileUploadEntity
org/xutils/http/loader/BooleanLoader.java
 org.xutils.http.loader.BooleanLoader
org/xutils/db/CursorUtils.java
 org.xutils.db.CursorUtils
com/lidroid/xutils/db/sqlite/SqlInfo.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.sqlite.SqlInfo
org/xutils/db/converter/ColumnConverter.java
 org.xutils.db.converter.ColumnConverter
com/lidroid/xutils/db/table/Finder.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.table.Finder
org/xutils/download/DownloadState.java
 org.xutils.download.DownloadState
org/xutils/http/request/HttpRequest.java
 org.xutils.http.request.HttpRequest
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnNothingSelected.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnNothingSelected
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnItemClick.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnItemClick
org/xutils/ex/BaseException.java
 org.xutils.ex.BaseException
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnItemSelected.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnItemSelected
org/xutils/common/task/PriorityRunnable.java
 org.xutils.common.task.PriorityRunnable
org/xutils/db/converter/ShortColumnConverter.java
 org.xutils.db.converter.ShortColumnConverter
com/lidroid/xutils/db/converter/ColumnConverter.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.converter.ColumnConverter
com/lidroid/xutils/HttpUtils.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.HttpUtils
 com.lidroid.xutils.HttpUtils$1
 com.lidroid.xutils.HttpUtils$2
org/xutils/common/util/ParameterizedTypeUtil.java
 org.xutils.common.util.ParameterizedTypeUtil
org/xutils/image/ImageOptions.java
 org.xutils.image.ImageOptions
 org.xutils.image.ImageOptions$Builder
 org.xutils.image.ImageOptions$ParamsBuilder
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/multipart/HttpMultipartMode.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.multipart.HttpMultipartMode
com/lidroid/xutils/view/ViewFinder.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.ViewFinder
com/lidroid/xutils/db/table/Id.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.table.Id
org/xutils/http/ProgressHandler.java
 org.xutils.http.ProgressHandler
com/lidroid/xutils/db/sqlite/ForeignLazyLoader.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.sqlite.ForeignLazyLoader
org/xutils/http/app/ParamsBuilder.java
 org.xutils.http.app.ParamsBuilder
com/lidroid/xutils/util/IOUtils.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.util.IOUtils
org/xutils/http/RequestParamsHelper.java
 org.xutils.http.RequestParamsHelper
 org.xutils.http.RequestParamsHelper$1
 org.xutils.http.RequestParamsHelper$ParseKVListener
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/multipart/MinimalFieldHeader.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.multipart.MinimalFieldHeader
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnStopTrackingTouch.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnStopTrackingTouch
com/lidroid/xutils/db/converter/StringColumnConverter.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.converter.StringColumnConverter
org/xutils/db/table/DbBase.java
 org.xutils.db.table.DbBase
org/xutils/view/annotation/Event.java
 org.xutils.view.annotation.Event
org/xutils/db/annotation/Table.java
 org.xutils.db.annotation.Table
org/xutils/common/util/FileUtil.java
 org.xutils.common.util.FileUtil
com/lidroid/xutils/bitmap/BitmapCommonUtils.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.BitmapCommonUtils
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/entity/DecompressingEntity.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.entity.DecompressingEntity
org/xutils/view/EventListenerManager.java
 org.xutils.view.EventListenerManager
 org.xutils.view.EventListenerManager$DynamicHandler
org/xutils/view/ViewInfo.java
 org.xutils.view.ViewInfo
org/xutils/db/converter/SqlDateColumnConverter.java
 org.xutils.db.converter.SqlDateColumnConverter
org/xutils/common/util/DoubleKeyValueMap.java
 org.xutils.common.util.DoubleKeyValueMap
org/xutils/http/app/DefaultParamsBuilder.java
 org.xutils.http.app.DefaultParamsBuilder
 org.xutils.http.app.DefaultParamsBuilder$1
com/lidroid/xutils/http/callback/HttpRedirectHandler.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.callback.HttpRedirectHandler
com/lidroid/xutils/db/converter/LongColumnConverter.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.converter.LongColumnConverter
org/xutils/ex/FileLockedException.java
 org.xutils.ex.FileLockedException
org/xutils/http/request/UriRequestFactory.java
 org.xutils.http.request.UriRequestFactory
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/multipart/content/InputStreamBody.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.multipart.content.InputStreamBody
com/lidroid/xutils/cache/LruDiskCache.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.cache.LruDiskCache
 com.lidroid.xutils.cache.LruDiskCache$1
 com.lidroid.xutils.cache.LruDiskCache$2
 com.lidroid.xutils.cache.LruDiskCache$Editor
 com.lidroid.xutils.cache.LruDiskCache$Editor$FaultHidingOutputStream
 com.lidroid.xutils.cache.LruDiskCache$Entry
 com.lidroid.xutils.cache.LruDiskCache$Snapshot
 com.lidroid.xutils.cache.LruDiskCache$StrictLineReader
 com.lidroid.xutils.cache.LruDiskCache$StrictLineReader$1
com/lidroid/xutils/cache/KeyExpiryMap.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.cache.KeyExpiryMap
com/lidroid/xutils/exception/HttpException.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.exception.HttpException
org/xutils/http/BaseParams.java
 org.xutils.http.BaseParams
 org.xutils.http.BaseParams$ArrayItem
 org.xutils.http.BaseParams$Header
com/lidroid/xutils/task/PriorityObjectBlockingQueue.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.task.Node
 com.lidroid.xutils.task.PriorityObjectBlockingQueue
 com.lidroid.xutils.task.PriorityObjectBlockingQueue$Itr
org/xutils/common/util/LogUtil.java
 org.xutils.common.util.LogUtil
com/lidroid/xutils/bitmap/factory/BitmapFactory.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.factory.BitmapFactory
org/xutils/image/ReusableDrawable.java
 org.xutils.image.ReusableDrawable
org/xutils/db/sqlite/WhereBuilder.java
 org.xutils.db.sqlite.WhereBuilder
com/lidroid/xutils/db/sqlite/FinderLazyLoader.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.sqlite.FinderLazyLoader
org/xutils/http/HttpManagerImpl.java
 org.xutils.http.HttpManagerImpl
 org.xutils.http.HttpManagerImpl$DefaultSyncCallback
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/entity/UploadEntity.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.entity.UploadEntity
org/xutils/download/DownloadViewHolder.java
 org.xutils.download.DownloadViewHolder
com/lidroid/xutils/db/annotation/Foreign.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.annotation.Foreign
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/EventBase.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.EventBase
org/xutils/common/task/Priority.java
 org.xutils.common.task.Priority
com/lidroid/xutils/bitmap/BitmapGlobalConfig.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.BitmapGlobalConfig
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.BitmapGlobalConfig$1
 com.lidroid.xutils.bitmap.BitmapGlobalConfig$BitmapCacheManagementTask
org/xutils/db/converter/ByteArrayColumnConverter.java
 org.xutils.db.converter.ByteArrayColumnConverter
org/xutils/common/task/PriorityExecutor.java
 org.xutils.common.task.PriorityExecutor
 org.xutils.common.task.PriorityExecutor$1
 org.xutils.common.task.PriorityExecutor$2
 org.xutils.common.task.PriorityExecutor$3
org/xutils/db/converter/FloatColumnConverter.java
 org.xutils.db.converter.FloatColumnConverter
org/xutils/view/ViewInjectorImpl.java
 org.xutils.view.ViewInjectorImpl
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/multipart/content/StringBody.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.multipart.content.StringBody
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/ContentView.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.ContentView
org/xutils/image/GifDrawable.java
 org.xutils.image.GifDrawable
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnTouch.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnTouch
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/multipart/HttpMultipart.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.multipart.HttpMultipart
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.multipart.HttpMultipart$1
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnGroupClick.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnGroupClick
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/PreferenceInject.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.PreferenceInject
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnPreferenceClick.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnPreferenceClick
org/xutils/db/converter/CharColumnConverter.java
 org.xutils.db.converter.CharColumnConverter
org/xutils/common/util/IOUtil.java
 org.xutils.common.util.IOUtil
org/xutils/http/loader/JSONArrayLoader.java
 org.xutils.http.loader.JSONArrayLoader
org/xutils/image/ReusableBitmapDrawable.java
 org.xutils.image.ReusableBitmapDrawable
org/xutils/http/body/StringBody.java
 org.xutils.http.body.StringBody
org/xutils/common/task/TaskProxy.java
 org.xutils.common.task.TaskProxy
 org.xutils.common.task.TaskProxy$1
 org.xutils.common.task.TaskProxy$ArgsObj
 org.xutils.common.task.TaskProxy$InternalHandler
com/lidroid/xutils/http/client/entity/GZipDecompressingEntity.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.client.entity.GZipDecompressingEntity
org/xutils/db/converter/LongColumnConverter.java
 org.xutils.db.converter.LongColumnConverter
com/lidroid/xutils/db/annotation/NoAutoIncrement.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.annotation.NoAutoIncrement
org/xutils/http/body/RequestBody.java
 org.xutils.http.body.RequestBody
com/lidroid/xutils/task/PriorityExecutor.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.task.PriorityExecutor
 com.lidroid.xutils.task.PriorityExecutor$1
org/xutils/db/table/TableEntity.java
 org.xutils.db.table.TableEntity
org/xutils/common/task/TaskControllerImpl.java
 org.xutils.common.task.TaskControllerImpl
 org.xutils.common.task.TaskControllerImpl$1
 org.xutils.common.task.TaskControllerImpl$2
 org.xutils.common.task.TaskControllerImpl$2$1
 org.xutils.common.task.TaskControllerImpl$2$2
 org.xutils.common.task.TaskControllerImpl$2$3
 org.xutils.common.task.TaskControllerImpl$2$4
 org.xutils.common.task.TaskControllerImpl$3
com/lidroid/xutils/db/converter/ByteColumnConverter.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.converter.ByteColumnConverter
org/xutils/db/converter/IntegerColumnConverter.java
 org.xutils.db.converter.IntegerColumnConverter
com/lidroid/xutils/db/sqlite/ColumnDbType.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.sqlite.ColumnDbType
com/lidroid/xutils/db/converter/ByteArrayColumnConverter.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.converter.ByteArrayColumnConverter
com/lidroid/xutils/db/table/Foreign.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.db.table.Foreign
org/xutils/http/app/InputStreamResponseParser.java
 org.xutils.http.app.InputStreamResponseParser
org/xutils/http/app/ResponseParser.java
 org.xutils.http.app.ResponseParser
com/lidroid/xutils/http/HttpCache.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.HttpCache
 com.lidroid.xutils.http.HttpCache$1
com/lidroid/xutils/view/annotation/event/OnFocusChange.java
 com.lidroid.xutils.view.annotation.event.OnFocusChange
org/xutils/http/app/RequestTracker.java
 org.xutils.http.app.RequestTracker
org/xutils/http/body/BodyItemWrapper.java
 org.xutils.http.body.BodyItemWrapper
org/xutils/db/table/ColumnEntity.java
 org.xutils.db.table.ColumnEntity
org/xutils/view/ViewFinder.java
 org.xutils.view.ViewFinder
org/xutils/image/ImageDecoder.java
 org.xutils.image.ImageDecoder
 org.xutils.image.ImageDecoder$1
